security: Add policy (#3079)
solana-labs/solana-program-library: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

1. [Reporting security problems](#reporting)
1. [Security Bug Bounties](#bounty)
1. [Scope](#scope)
1. [Incident Response Process](#process)

<a name="reporting"></a>
## Reporting security problems to Solana

**DO NOT CREATE AN ISSUE** to report a security problem. Instead, please send an
email to security@solana.com and provide your github username so we can add you
to a new draft security advisory for further discussion.

> Expect a response as fast as possible, within one business day at the latest.

Reviewer: we need to set reasonable expectations here (and in the monorepo!). 72hrs?

Author: Sure! I can also put in a change for the monorepo for that at least

<a name="bounty"></a>

> ## Security Bug Bounties

Reviewer: I think SPL will need it's own bounty list.  the monorepo ones don't quite apply 1:1

* [associated-token-account](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/associated-token-account/program)
* [feature-proposal](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/feature-proposal/program)
* [governance](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/governance/program)
* [memo](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/memo/program)
* [name-service](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/name-service/program)
* [stake-pool](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/stake-pool/program)
* [token](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/token/program)

If you discover a critical security issue in an out-of-scope program, your finding
may still be valuable.

Many programs, including
[token-swap](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/token-swap/program)
and [token-lending](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/token-lending/program),
have been forked and deployed by prominent ecosystem projects, many of which
have their own bug bounty programs.

> While we cannot guarantee a bounty from another entity, we can put you in touch
> with these teams, increasing your chances of receiving a bounty for your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we cannot guarantee a bounty from another entity, we can help determine who
may be affected and put you in touch the corresponding teams.
```

let's not get their hopes up :wink:

Author: Much better, thanks
